Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Blind man.
You've won so much money from the house.
Why are you still here?
Let's make a big bet.
If you win.
the money on the table will be doubled.
If you lose.
you will have to cut off your hand.
The left hand or the right hand?
Can this blind man do it?
Blind man.
you lost.
It's all white.
Even with so many people watching.
you would bully a blind man.
- Look. they cheated.
- You're right.
How could they do that?
I'm the banker here.
I have the final say.
Guards!
Chop off his hand!
How dare you!
Boss. he...
You couldn't beat him. so you cheated.
If everyone was like you.
my gambling house would close down.
Sir.
I apologize on behalf of these stupid men.
Please continue playing.
We will pay no matter how much you win.
Are you the boss?
My name
is He Qiufeng.
- This gambling house--
- I've had enough fun.
Goodbye.
Are you from the gambling house?
Even the boss is here.
What do you want?
Blind man.
No matter how much you win.
it is your money
only if you can take it away.
Got it.
It's dark and the road is dangerous.
Killing people is easy on rainy nights.
Where is Ni Yan?
Blind Cheng is a ghost killer.
The world was in turmoil a few years ago.
All provinces posted bounties
to invite people from all over the world
to capture criminals.
A ghost killer.
as the name suggests.
carries out his tasks with a sword
and trades his life for money.
My name is Ni Yan.
I met Blind Cheng
when I was 19 years old.
Is this it?
Hurry up.
How dare you steal the wine?
Ni Yan. I'm sorry!
I'm sorry. Ni Yan!
Go pick up Wulang.
- Let's go pick him up. Let's go.
- Let's go.
Hey.
Come back.
- What is it?
- Come on.
- After you eat my dessert.
- I want one!
- You will have to be my family.
- All right?
- I want one too.
- All right.
Go and play.
- Let's go pick up Wulang!
- Let's go!
Hey!
Old man. are you calling me?
Old man?
Do I look like an old man to you?
You're even blinder than me.
The wine smells good.
Grapes?
You have a keen nose.
It has aged 81 days. I opened it today.
Go and fill up my wineskin.
How much is it?
It's not for sale.
Today is my wedding day.
The wine is for guests.
What a waste of wine.
If you want to drink some.
stay a little longer.
We have plenty of wine.
It's free.
What do you say?
Got it.
I'm not your family or friend.
I won't drink it for free.
This money is a wedding gift.
Go and tie the horse for me.
No need for the gift.
To congratulate me.
say something auspicious.
How about I kowtow to you?
Every word is scathing.
You are the same as my brother.
Sit here.
I'll add some fodder for your horse.
Don't feed it.
My horse eats meat rather than grass.
Don't be afraid.
There is a person inside.
Who is it?
He is an arsonist.
I'm a ghost killer for Dali Temple.
I caught him for the bounty.
WANTED
Are you off to pick up the bride?
- Congratulations. Wulang.
- Thank you.
- Come to my wedding.
- Congratulations.
- Congratulations. Wulang.
- Thank you.
Congratulations.
Come to our wedding party later.
Congratulations. Wulang!
- Thank you.
- Congratulations.
Come to my wedding.
Folks. come to the wedding!
Congratulations!
Thank you!
Isn't that him?
Why is he here?
That's right.
How could he come?
Ni Jun!
Ni Jun.
You received my letter.
Why are you in such a rush to get married?
Can't you live without a man?
Wulang is nice.
He's diligent and treats me well.
Wulang!
This is my brother.
Ni Jun. from now on.
I will take care of Yanzi.
Young man.
go ask around.
I kill people without blinking an eye!
If anyone dares to bully my sister.
I'll kill him.
Ni Jun.
Stand up.
- Get up.
- Folks.
Today is my sister's wedding.
I'll pour you some wine later.
Have a seat.
Yanzi.
we've had the wedding wine.
You and your brother are finally reunited.
We won't keep you.
Goodbye.
Let's hurry.
Folks.
- Everyone!
- Look. it's all your fault.
Don't mind them.
Who are you?
They have all left.
Why are you still here?
Didn't you hear them say that I'm a jerk?
I do bad things
all the time out there.
Your sword is too sharp.
Don't hurt yourself.
Drink it.
It's wedding wine.
The wine is fine.
but the joy has nothing to do with us.
Wine seller?
Miss?
Ni Jun!
Let go of me!
Ni Jun.
Why did you run away
while you had such an important task?
When the coffin was opened.
you killed everyone.
If I hadn't run.
I would have died too.
Why shouldn't you die?
I can die
as long as you let my sister
and the others go.
I won't tell anyone about those matters.
Nor will anyone find out about them.
Only the dead don't talk.
Wulang!
Bastard!
Don't touch her!
Ni Jun!
Yanzi. run!
Yanzi!
Ni Jun.
Ni Jun!
Yanzi!
Yanzi.
I shouldn't have come back.
Don't move.
You survived strangulation
because your neck is tough.
Everyone has their own fate.
You're luckier than them.
All right.
Officer Gao.
Officer Gao. have some water.
- Take it.
- Don't bother.
It rained heavily last night.
Three more families are waiting.
Without you.
I wouldn't know what to do.
My lord.
What are you doing?
This man is an arsonist recorded
by 18 towns of Changzhou.
The Ministry of Justice
posted a bounty of ten gold taels.
Here is the criminal.
I'm a ghost killer for Dali Temple.
This is the bounty notice.
A ghost killer?
Are there still ghost killers nowadays?
He's blind.
What's wrong with him?
I was afraid that he might run.
so I broke his arms and legs.
Get him a doctor.
It's clearly written here.
He is a felon.
Presenting his head is sufficient.
Kill him or punish him.
do whatever you want.
I want to ask you something.
Which one of you is Zhang Baishui?
Is it him?
Yes. it's him.
Li Jiuzhou.
do you think you can escape?
What's going on?
WANTED
Blind man.
take the bounty and leave.
It's done.
By the way.
the wine-selling family west of the city
was slaughtered.
Is that under your jurisdiction?
My lord.
The Yuwen family did it.
What should we do?
Yuwen
Miss.
you have suffered a lot.
When are you going to Luoyang
to arrest them?
I'll bury these bodies
for you.
You should
let this matter go.
What did you say?
A life for a life.
I just want justice!
I can't give you justice this time.
I've lived here for so many years.
Now. I realize
that this is a lawless place.
If you can't give me justice.
I'll find someone who can give it to me!
Miss!
On your wedding day.
Ni Jun caused trouble here.
Your husband. Li Wulang.
died protecting you.
Out of anger.
you killed your brother.
Am I right?
That's not it!
- Everyone in Liangcheng knows!
- Nonsense!
Ni Jun is that kind of person!
They will believe
whatever I say.
I won't admit it!
Don't move.
- Admit it.
- Let go of me!
Save yourself some suffering.
Let go of me!
Let's go.
We both know what happened.
She is already miserable enough.
There's no need to destroy her.
What are you talking about?
I don't understand.
I have good hearing.
It's none of your business!
Let's go.
Blind man.
you shouldn't get involved in this mess.
You should not stay here. Leave.
You're incredible.
I'll pay you. Kill them for me.
No.
I'm a ghost killer. not a killer.
I want to go to Luoyang too.
Take me with you.
Why are you going to Luoyang?
I'll report it to the officials.
If they ignore me in Liangcheng.
I'll go to Luoyang.
If they ignore me in Luoyang.
I'll go to Chang'an.
It has nothing to do with me.
Take me with you!
All I want is justice.
Take her with you!
Blind man.
do you have a family?
Drink it while it's hot.
Don't catch a cold.
My brother said
that every time I play the reed pipe.
I'm talking to my deceased family.
But even it is broken too.
Give it to me.
Don't be so superstitious.
Here. two bowls of beef noodle soup.
- Enjoy.
- Come take a look!
- Make way.
- Look here!
Here. wares for sale!
Do you remember what I said?
Yes.
Repeat it.
There is a public court
at the end of the east market.
There is a mounted drum at the door.
Someone will listen to my grievance
if I publicly beat the drum.
Thank you for the past few days.
I have to go now.
Luoyang is big. Don't get lost.
- I might not brew wine anymore.
- Take care.
- You appreciate wine.
- Come!
- Take it.
- Sir. is the beef fresh?
Of course. I raise the cows myself.
- Come again.
- Please have a seat.
All right. I'll have two bowls.
All right.
Please come again.
- Lady Qin.
Lady Qin.
- Hurry.
- Let's go.
- Lady Qin.
- Nice!
- Spectacular!
- Amazing!
- Good job!
Lady Qin.
Lady Qin. I wrote another poem for you.
- I'll read it to you.
- Lady Qin.
Your zither is fixed.
Pick it up when you can.
There is no hurry.
Lady Qin.
Lady Qin. wait for me.
You're not Li Bai. nor am I Yang Yuhuan.
- We're not meant to be.
Lady Qin!
- Lady Qin.
Put it down.
I just tuned it.
Your rough hands
might put it out of tune.
Did everything go well in Liangcheng?
That young man was right.
Li Jiuzhou was hiding
in Liangcheng's county office.
You arranged it well.
Here.
The payment is in.
The next job is a big one.
When is it?
I've sent a scout ahead.
I'm guessing
you can set out in three days.
Is anything wrong?
No.
Remember to feed my horse.
All right.
Blind Cheng. we have news.
The fugitive this time
is well connected in Yanzhou.
It will be fairly difficult.
But the good thing
is that the pay is high.
With this job.
we'll have enough to heal your eyes.
This is the last job.
Do you think
that doctor can really cure my eyes?
Of course.
He's my grandmaster's senior.
Without my connection.
he would charge you another 3.000 taels.
Stop bringing that up.
What do you want to do the most
once your eyes are cured?
I want to see you first.
You must look old after all these years.
Stay blind then.
All right. I'm leaving soon.
Slow down.
- Lady Qin!
- Sanlang?
What happened?
That bitch.
If she falls into my hands. I'll kill her!
Who offended you?
Didn't you say
that you got a job with the Yuwen family?
How could you be bullied?
Don't mention it. What bad luck.
Today at Shouhua Mansion.
Yuwen Xiong presented wedding gifts
to the Guo family's third daughter.
It was such an important occasion!
- Halt!
- It happened all of a sudden.
A woman barged in!
Let go!
Who knows what Yuwen Ying had done to her?
It was a big mess.
Hear my grievance!
Of course Yuwen Ying
wanted to deal with it right away.
But General Guo said...
Not today.
Take her away and keep an eye on her.
I'll preside over this in a few days.
So...
I can't kill this woman.
Isn't that annoying?
And then?
Yuwen Ying told He Qiufeng
to take her away.
He's a bad guy.
If anyone falls into his hands.
nothing good will come of it.
Who is she?
She's probably Yuwen Ying's lover.
She's quite pretty.
But she must clearly be a whore!
Get lost.
It hurts!
It's ready.
Blind Cheng.
stay out of this.
In the past.
you didn't want to get involved.
I didn't tell you either.
But now. I have to tell you.
We can't afford to cross the Yuwen family.
Why?
The Yuwen family
is an underground gang in Luoyang.
They helped the court
during the rebellion.
They have clan powers
in Hedong. Shannanxi. and Long you.
This marriage with General Guo's family
is so they can gain a foothold
in Chang'an.
Yuwen Ying is Yuwen Xiong's brother.
Offending him
means offending the entire Yuwen family.
What do your words
have to do with killing for revenge?
It's a life for a life.
You don't need to take 10.000 lives.
Don't you understand that?
More tea. please.
Help yourself.
I don't care.
You should be going.
Leave now.
What do you think. buddy?
I'll listen to you.
Let's go back and take a look.
Where is Ni Yan?
I don't know.
At the Dead Man's Place!
She's at the Dead Man's Place!
Miss.
Miss!
Are you there?
They...
forced me
to admit to things
that I didn't do.
She won't die. but she needs rest.
There is no time to rest.
Pack up.
I'll send you out of the city at dawn.
From now on.
you don't know me.
We're not friends either.
I'm sorry
for dragging you into this.
What's done is done.
We can leave together.
I have other things to do.
Cheng Yi.
I can't let you have your way this time.
You must leave with me.
My eyes
can't be cured. right?
I know.
You want to give me something
to live for.
You mean well.
Yes. I lied to you.
I wish you could be blind forever.
I wish to be blind like you.
Nothing in this world is worth seeing
and no one is worth doing this for.
She's not worth it either!
Look at her.
Is she pretty?
What did you say?
I'm asking you whether she is pretty.
I can't see.
I only know that she suffered so much.
All she wants is justice!
I'll give it to her.
Justice?
Over the years.
we have seen plenty of unjust things.
Can you undo them all?
Let's start with her.
I can't see with my eyes.
but I can see with my heart.
All right.
Let's stop here.
Leave now.
Are you really going back?
Just pretend
that I lost my way.
Tell her
that I'll avenge her.
Off you go. buddy.
Don't move.
The more you struggle. the more it hurts.
Do you know who I am?
He Qiufeng.
You come from three generations
of thieves in Luonan.
Because you are ruthless.
Yuwen Ying plucked you out of prison.
Who are you?
It's my turn to ask you.
Why did you kill that man
from the Ni family?
What happened
with that woman?
I'll tell you everything.
Can you spare my life?
I'm asking the questions.
You should just answer me.
It was Ms. Guo!
Ms. Guo wanted the stars in the sky.
So Yuwen Ying gave her a luminous pearl.
It was dug out
from the tomb of a Han dynasty lord.
It's such a big pearl.
How could we get one
without raiding a tomb?
For fear of bad luck
befalling the Guo family.
Yuwen Ying killed everyone
who dug the tomb.
Ni Jun supervised the tomb raid.
He fled.
We had to catch him.
Yuwen Ying.
I didn't think
a loser like you
could win Ms. Guo's favor.
However.
you're just like your mother.
All you know how to do is steal.
I'll let the stealing go.
Why didn't you clean it up?
Leave it to me.
I'll take care of it.
Where is General Guo?
What do you want?
I can take you there.
Yuwen Xiong!
He booked out the Mingyue Tavern!
Yuwen Xiong--
Be gentle!
Where is He Qiufeng?
He was taken away by a blind man.
A blind man?
I've never seen such a powerful blind man.
I...
seem to know
such a blind man.
Right here.
What a cruel blind man.
After leaving the post house.
the Eastern Pass
will be a 20-mile walk south.
My men are waiting for you there.
What kind of person is he?
He's a poor man just like us.
Then why did he help me?
Maybe...
he doesn't want you to end up like him.
Are you going back?
The Yuwen family will catch up soon.
Keep heading south.
Don't look back.
The blind man killed He Qiufeng
to declare war against me.
He must still be in the city.
Set up ambushes around the city.
In addition. the woman with the pipa
can't go far while carrying someone.
Chase her along the way.
Find them
at all costs.
Understood.
FULL
Don't come in if you're not stupid.
We are full.
I'm looking for the boss.
I am the boss.
I'm looking for their boss.
Who did you say you are looking for?
General Guo.
General Guo is not here.
Where is that blind man now?
Why are you laughing?
I'm laughing because you're a dead man.
Is that so?
Don't you just want to know
who the blind man is?
I can tell you.
Back in Sui yang.
the blind man was called Cheng Yi.
A pair of hands that could shatter bones.
the Tingfeng Sword.
and the Loulan Slash.
It's you
who has awakened
this demon.
I'm Cheng Yi
from the Dongshan Wolf Battalion.
I met you once at Dongjing Pass.
I'm not here to curry favor with you.
I have a few words for you.
Do you know
what kind of person is Yuwen Ying.
the man who will marry your daughter?
The blind man has shown up.
Where?
Mingyue Tavern.
You have no evidence.
Why should I believe you?
I will kill him.
Believe it or not. it's up to you.
The general is calling off the engagement.
He specifically ordered to reward you.
I've worked hard for ten years.
But I've lost everything all of a sudden!
Useless!
Stop hitting.
What is that?
What is it?
- Look.
- What is it?
Look over there!
Who is that?
Isn't that Lady Qin?
It really is Lady Qin.
- It is.
- Lady Qin!
How could this happen to her?
It is her.
- Someone is dead.
- Something happened!
What happened?
What do we do?
There is a body.
It really is Lady Qin.
How could this happen to Lady Qin?
- Who did this?
- Lady Qin!
Who did such a cruel thing?
Lady Qin.
Your zither is fixed.
Pick it up when you can.
MEMORIAL TABLET
OF LATE BROTHER YUWEN XIONG
YUWEN FAMILY
When my eldest brother died.
he appointed me the head of the family.
After the mourning tonight.
anyone who kills the enemy of our family
will be added into our genealogy
and rewarded 100 fiefs
and 10.000 pieces of gold.
YUWEN FAMILY
The Yuwen family
searched the whole city for you.
No one dared to touch her body.
In the end.
Wuhou sent someone to reel it in.
She is unrecognizable.
Thirteen arrows.
Each one pierced through the bone.
I understand.
MEMORIAL TABLET
OF LATE BROTHER YUWEN XIONG
Blind man. do you want to keep playing?
I'll send you to hell.
I will definitely go to hell.
But I have to take you with me!
I have killed many people like you
on the battlefield.
You are
no different from them.
You came.
Yes.
You drank her wine too.
What else
did he say?
He said
- to find a good place.
- Find a good place.
- Open a tavern...
- Open a tavern
and make some good wine.
If there is a chance.
I would like to have a few more drinks.
All right.
Let's stop here.
He was a ghost killer for ten years.
He had saved up 9.150 taels of gold.
He said it was of no use to him.
so he asked me
to exchange it into cash for you.
It's more portable that way.
Also.
your reed pipe is fixed.
Keep it safe.
Blind Cheng is a ghost killer.
The world was in turmoil a few years ago.
All provinces posted bounties
to invite people from all over the world
to capture criminals.
A ghost killer.
as the name suggests.
carries out his tasks with a sword
and trades his life for money.
I met Blind Cheng
when I was 19 years old.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm